Auto Cancel Redundant Pipeline adding into the docusaurus (#947)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/build/build-process-management/build-manually-or-with-triggers.md

If your merge request comment includes `[retry]`, your workflow will be retried.

### Auto Cancel Redundant Pipeline

> <Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/auto-cancel-redundant-pipeline.png' />

Reviewer: As in previous titles, there should be a description first and then a screenshot.

> You can enable automatic cancellation of redundant builds when a new workflow run is triggered with the same configuration, workflow, branch, and trigger type. This helps avoid waiting for outdated builds to complete.

Reviewer: The sentence starting with "You can enable automatic cancellation..." feels more like an instruction rather than an introductory definition. It directly focuses on what the user can do, rather than explaining what the feature is or how it works in general. In documentation, it is often more appropriate to first describe what the feature does (from a system perspective) and then explain how or why a user might want to use it. Starting with "When enabled, this feature..." might work better as an opening definition, followed by the user action as a secondary point.

```suggestion
When enabled, this feature automatically cancels any previously running build that matches the same configuration, workflow, branch, and trigger type, if a new run is triggered.
This helps prevent unnecessary resource usage and reduces queue time by skipping outdated pipeline runs.
```

To enable this feature:

1. Go to the build profile and select configurations.
2. Scroll down and activate auto cancel redundant pipeline.

> 3. Click save changes.

Reviewer: Can you write the terms that correspond to a button or clickable object on the screen in `` and as they appear on the screen (uppercase and lowercase). For example `Build Profiles`.

The Auto-Cancel Redundant Pipeline (ACRP) mechanism works based on four key parameters:

> - Configuration
> - Workflow
> - Branch
> - Trigger type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Build Configuration
- Build Workflow
- Git Branch
- Trigger type
```

> If a new build is triggered with the same values for all these parameters, any previously queued or running build is automatically cancelled.

Reviewer: Can you attach a Build Profile image here that was canceled using ACRP? For example, the previous 1 or 2 builds may have been Canceled.

> :::info

Reviewer: Can you put a warning on this and give it a suitable name?
